SQL Injection Documentation (#38)
schectma/vuln-bank-467_W26: DOCS/SQLi.md

#### Mitigate
Return to root URL (Vulnerable Bank homepage) and click Toggle Mitigation button. Repeat attack (either sequence of steps above) and observe outcome:

![alt text](./screenshots/virtual_2.png)

With the way the bank app is set up, users are allowed to create their own cards. This is a separate vulnerability.
###  get_billers_by_category()
The variable category_id is susceptible to SQL injection. However, due to the int:category_id in the app.route, Flask will only accept integers
so there is no practical way to exploit this vulnerability. The information below is just intended to show why parameterized queries are
always important as a small code change could make them vulnerable.
#### Exploit
If `@app.route('/api/billers/by-category/<int:category_id>', methods=['GET'])` in app.py were to be changed to
`@app.route('/api/billers/by-category/<category_id>', methods=['GET'])` then the billers' account info could
be accessed.

![alt text](./screenshots/cat_1.png)

#### Mitigate
In order to follow best practices, the query was parameterized which would stop the SQL injection that is demonstrated above.

![alt text](./screenshots/cat_2.png)

###  get_payment_history()

> The SQL injection in this function would require another vulnerability to be practically exploitable.

Reviewer: We should indicate whether or not we plan to demo this in the future:
```suggestion
Demonstration of SQL injection in this function is pending exploit of another vulnerability. ETA Progress Report #2.
```
or
```suggestion
The SQL injection in this function would require another vulnerability to be practically exploitable, so its demonstration is and will remain deliberately omitted.
```
